gh-103636: issue warning for deprecated calendar constants (#103833)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-04-26-18-12-13.gh-issue-103636.-KvCgO.rst

> module-level attribute January and February is deprecated

Reviewer: News notes can use markup, and should mention the module they are talking about 🙂

> module-level attribute January and February is deprecated from :mod:`calendar`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Module-level attributes ``January`` and ``February`` are deprecated from :mod:`calendar`.
```
